Practical Number 2
2.1. Write a Python program to understand the data types of Python.

2.2. Write a Python program to accept a number from the user to check if the entered number is even or odd using an if-else statement.

2.3. Write a Python program to find the greater number between two numbers using a nested if-else statement.

2.4. Write a program to accept a student’s roll number, name, and five subject marks. Print the student’s result like roll number, name, five subject marks, subject total, percentage, and grade using an if-else statement.

2.5. Write a Python program to check whether a given number is an Armstrong number or not using a while loop. Accept the number from the user.

2.6. Print the following pattern of numbers:

5 4 3 2 1
4 3 2 1
3 2 1
2 1
1

Practical Number 3
3.1 Write a program to implement any five built-in functions.
3.2 Write a function that takes a single character and prints ‘Given character is Vowel’ if it is a vowel, and ‘Given character is not a vowel’ otherwise.
3.3 Write a Python program function that interchanges the first and last characters of a given string (accept input from the user).
3.4 Write a Python program to calculate the factorial of a given user-accepted number using a recursive function.
3.5 Write a Python program to generate the Fibonacci series using a recursive function.
3.6 Write Python code to illustrate anonymous functions (lambda) in Python.
3.7 Python code to illustrate decorators with parameters in Python.
3.8 Python code to illustrate generators in Python.

Practical Number 4
4.1 Write a program to return a random item from a list, tuple, and string using the random module.
4.2 Write a Python program to display the current date and time.
4.3 Create a user-defined module named “arithmaticsOperation.” The module should have functions like sum, average, power, division, multiplication, and return a result. Import this module and execute its functions.
4.4 Create a package named “MyPackageDemo.” Define two modules within the package: “message.py” and “calculation.py.” Import this package and demonstrate the desired output.